README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
    <img src=".github/seaglass_logo.png" alt="Logo" width="300px" height="">

  <p align="center">
    <br>
    Seaglass is being constructed. Check back soon!
    <br>
    <br>
    <br>
  </p>
</div>


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## Overview
Seaglass is a versatile and user-friendly tool designed for web developers to help them create visually stunning, modern, and immersive user interfaces. Rooted in the elegant design principles of glassmorphism, Seaglass unlocks the potential for web designers and developers to captivate their audiences with translucent and sleek UI elements.

Glassmorphism, characterized by its translucency, glassy backgrounds, and soft blur, has emerged as a dominant design trend in recent years. It effortlessly combines aesthetics, usability, and innovation, making it an ideal choice for crafting user interfaces that leave a lasting impact.

<!-- ![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot] -->

## Key Features
- **Sleek Glassmorphic Design**: The library provides a wide range of CSS styles and components, dedicated to make it easy to achieve glassmorphic design in your web applications.
- **Translucent Elements**: Create elements with varying levels of translucency, adding depth and dimension to your web interfaces.
- **User-Friendly Customization**: The library's classes and components are highly customizable, allowing you to adapt them to suit your unique design requirements.
- **Cross-Browser Compatibility**: Seaglass ensures seamless compatibility with various web browsers, so your glassmorphic designs look as expected for all your users.

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [ ] Components
  - [ ] Buttons
  - [ ] Cards
  - [ ] Forms
  - [ ] Navbars
  - [ ] Modals
  - [ ] Tables
  - [ ] Tooltips
- [ ] Interactive Elements
  - [ ] Progress Bars
  - [ ] Sliders
  - [ ] Accordions
  - [ ] Carousels
- [ ] Utilities
  - [ ] Colors
  - [ ] Shadows
  - [ ] Translucency
- [ ] Layout
  - [ ] Grid
  - [ ] Flexbox
- [ ] Accessibility
  - [ ] Keyboard Navigation
  - [ ] Screen Readers
- [ ] Documentation


<!-- CDN -->
## Include via CDN
```
<link href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/QuantumOcean/seaglass_ui/dist/css/seaglass.min.css">
```
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
[product-screenshot]: public/images/screenshot.png
[Node.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-7FC729?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white
[Node-url]: https://nextjs.org/

Commit message:

Added contribution info and a note

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
    <img src=".github/seaglass_logo.png" alt="Logo" width="300px" height="">

  <p align="center">
    <br>
    Seaglass is being constructed. Check back soon!
    <br>
    <br>
    <br>
  </p>
</div>


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## Overview
Seaglass is a versatile and user-friendly tool designed for web developers to help them create visually stunning, modern, and immersive user interfaces. Rooted in the elegant design principles of glassmorphism, Seaglass unlocks the potential for web designers and developers to captivate their audiences with translucent and sleek UI elements.

Glassmorphism, characterized by its translucency, glassy backgrounds, and soft blur, has emerged as a dominant design trend in recent years. It effortlessly combines aesthetics, usability, and innovation, making it an ideal choice for crafting user interfaces that leave a lasting impact.

<!-- ![screenshot][product-screenshot] -->

## Key Features
- **Sleek Glassmorphic Design**: The library provides a wide range of CSS styles and components, dedicated to make it easy to achieve glassmorphic design in your web applications.
- **Translucent Elements**: Create elements with varying levels of translucency, adding depth and dimension to your web interfaces.
- **User-Friendly Customization**: The library's classes and components are highly customizable, allowing you to adapt them to suit your unique design requirements.
- **Cross-Browser Compatibility**: Seaglass ensures seamless compatibility with various web browsers, so your glassmorphic designs look as expected for all your users.

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [ ] Components
  - [ ] Buttons
  - [ ] Cards
  - [ ] Forms
  - [ ] Navbars
  - [ ] Modals
  - [ ] Tables
  - [ ] Tooltips
- [ ] Interactive Elements
  - [ ] Progress Bars
  - [ ] Sliders
  - [ ] Accordions
  - [ ] Carousels
- [ ] Utilities
  - [ ] Colors
  - [ ] Shadows
  - [ ] Translucency
- [ ] Layout
  - [ ] Grid
  - [ ] Flexbox
- [ ] Accessibility
- [ ] Testing
- [ ] Documentation

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing
Contributions are currently not being accepted at this stage of the project. However, if you have any ideas or suggestions, feel free to open an issue to discuss them. Your feedback is always welcome!
<!-- Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated. -->

<!-- CDN -->
## Include via CDN
Easily include the Seaglass UI CSS library in your project via the following CDN link:
```
<link href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/QuantumOcean/seaglass_ui/dist/css/seaglass.min.css">
```
> **Note**: The library is currently in development and is not yet production ready. Check back soon!
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
[screenshot]: public/images/screenshot.png
